So here we are on our NetBeans IDE and that's the login class we have opened already.
So this is the login class and here it is.
So the login class is defined inside the package university.
We have imported the necessary packages.
Here.
These are the packages.
First is abstract mental toolkit package.
Second is Java Export Spring package.
And third is the event package of Abstract Window Toolkit, which help us to handle events on our buttons.
And the fourth one is a skill package which helps us to connect and retain or update information into
our database.
Then we have defined the class log in, which is extending the frame.
Implementing the action listener interface inside which we have a frame or instance f to label instance
a 1 to 1 text file, instance, one password, field instance, and two buttons.
After that we have defined the non parameter as constructor of this class, headed as the login, setting
the background color as white, its layout as null.
Then we have labeled the label as username, setting the bound for it whose location is 4020 and it
sizes and returns 30, adding the label to our frame.
And after that we have another label as password setting the bound for the password location is 40 comma
70 and it size 100 cross 30, adding that label to our frame.
Then there's the respective text field for the username whose location is 150 comma 20 and is whose
size is 150 plus 30.
And it's adding to that our frame.
Then we have the respective password field for that password field label whose location is 150, comma,
70 and sizes 150, cross 30, adding that to our frame.
After that we have defined the image icon which will add image.
This to our login page is scaling its instance and creating another image icon, adding the image icon
to our label, setting the bound for the label whose location is 50 comma 20 and.
Sizes one 5150 Then we have a button labelled as log in, setting the bound for the button whose location
is 4140 and its size is one 2130.
Setting the font for this font family serif font type bold and font size is 15.
Adding action to the button because button will handle any event.
Setting the background colour of the button, which is black for example, is white.
Adding that button to our friend.
The next button is cancel button, which shows bounce and location or when comma 4000 sizes 120 comma
30 setting the font for the button.
The font family is very font type is bold size is 15 background color black, white, white as foreground
color.
Adding that button to j frame and adding the action is not to that button.
Setting the whole window color as background, color as white, setting the visibility of the window
as to location 600 comma 300 size as 612 standard and location as 500 course 500 comma 300.
Defining the action performed.
Action performed.
Method of the action, an interface inside the tribe via first establish the connection by using our
Quan class inside a string view.
We have the details from the text field.
T1 and inside VF has let us tell from the password field to created a query which is select as from
log in where username is close to you and password is goes to V.
So this will validate the password.
So results it will execute the query by using the connection statements, text execute query and set
execute query.
We have passed the string Q inside which we have had our query if asked next.
So if the query will match and it will iterate over the next row.
So we will call the new project class, which will be the main window for our this project.
It will appear after successful login and said the visibility of the current window as well.
If the login details are not met then we will show a dialog box as invalid.
Login catch block will end the exception and inside main block we have defined the login object.
Now we will move to our project project class.
After the successful login we will be having our project class.
So it is defined inside the package university.
We have imported the same, same package.
A WTW dividend swing.
We have defined the class which is extending frame and implementing acceleration inside the Non Parameters
constructor.
We have had a data university management system its size nine 1920 1030.
Added the image by using a label icon 11.
Adding that label to our DJ frame.
Then we have a menu bar that is.
Menubar and inside there is a one menu master.
And inside the master we have two menu items that is new faculty and new student admission.
So for RM one, we have set its font and added the image in WM.
One background color is white and for the key stroke adding event for the key stroke as well.
After that, similarly we have done for the MX two as well adding image and adding key stroke here and
set mean as be.
Adding action Lesnar to those fields.
And then we have another menu, which is a detail whose menu item is told in detail, and each detail
by foreground colour is red.
And then we have set the font, added the image anatomic C key stroke method which will help us to handle
the event on this menu item and background colour as white.
So this is the another menu item.
This is about the detail menu item.
Then this blog will set the font for the.
A detailed menu item image in the menu item monotonic as.
D And this will handle the event and the background color as white.
Then we have added action listener on our E menu items under U2.
Then we have designed another.
Menu that is at attendance inside which we have two attendance sorry.
Menu items.
Student attendance and attendance and attendance.
Not set foreground colour as blue.
This was similarly said the font image metronomic keystroke for the action movement background colour
as white and adding it to our menu.
Attendance similarly, the attendance to that is 40 children.
Attendance setting font for it, adding the image as an keystroke for handling event and background
color is color white and adding that to our attendance menu.
Similarly, we have added action listener to those menu items.
After that, we have another menu attendance detail whose menu items are student attendance detail and
teacher attendance detail for one color as red.
Then we have added for the event image anatomic or keystroke for handling event background color white
and adding to adding it to our attendance detail menu item.
And then we have set for the second one that is teacher attendance detail, its image, its make, its
crystal for handling event, its background color and its attendance details.
Adding it to the menu element.
Then we have add an extension to both those.
Menu items.
After that we will have a menu examination inside which we are being examined in detail in Denmark's
background colour.
Foreground colours.
Blue setting font for the.
Seven Menu item setting font image melanoma keystroke background color white and adding it to the menu.
After that we have C to set font image metonymy as and keystroke color white and adding it to the Zeta.
Adding it to the exam menu detail in situ and adding action is not to see one NC two.
And then we have many report updates.
Similarly, we have done the same thing for the R one and R two, adding zealousness to both.
After that, there is a menu fee.
Which have two menu items fee structure, strength fee for one color blue.
Similarly, for the S1 and S2, we have added Excelsior.
Then we have menu utility instead, which we have three things.
Notepad calculator.
Web browser.
Similarly, we have did the same thing for the UIT 1.2.3 Adding a listener to all these.
Then there is an exit menu inside of the exit item, adding the image and keystroke and the background
color, then adding a listener to that.
After that we have added our menu elements and master that is the master.
Inside the Master menu details we have added menu item one and two to inside user.
You want you to report one or two fee as one as to utility UT 12.3 and exit x.
Then we have added master to our main menu.
These are all inside the menu and setting the menu bar.
And we.
After that, we have set the font layout is flow and visibility as follows.
Now inside action performed if the we have initialize the command inside the string message.
If masses equals new dimension, we will call new statement.
If it is equal difficulty, we call our teacher.
If it's a student, we call a student real class.
If teacher details we call teacher detail.
If update is trend, then we update the student class and if update teacher we will call update teacher.
If masses equals fee structure, then we will call the fee structure class.
If student fee then we will open the student fee from notepad.
Then we will run the notepad calculator, then we will then run the calculator, then web browser.
Then we will run the web browser.
If exit, then we will close the program.
If a student returns, we will call the student finance class.
Similarly, for the teacher attendance class and.
So then attendance teacher attendance examination details and remarks.
Inside the main function, we have created the object of the project.
After that, we have a teacher class which is defined inside the package.
University imported the necessary packages.
Then there is a definition which is implementing action listener, a frame label.
These are the labels, text field buttons and combo box.
So first random is here we have defined the random long first.
This is initializing the long first and calculating the random number.
After that we have defined the teacher constructor frame its background color layout as null.
Then we have defined the label setting bound for it label image, adding image to it, adding that image
to the label under the label as new teacher detail.
Similarly doing the same thing bound font background color adding it to our frame.
Then there is another label as name adding bound font and adding to adding it to our label and frame
respective text field setting bound for it.
Another label.
Father's Name respective text field.
Another level age.
Respect to text field.
Similarly, another label date of birth respective text will address its respective text field phone,
respective text field email ID and its respective text field.
After that, we are having a label class 10th marks.
Sorry.
We have here this class 10th max is expected to field class 12 months respective test field and.
Then we have our high number respect for text field education.
Then we have a string to choose from the courses.
This will be added into the combo box and that has department.
Then a string branch to select the department.
Employer ID text field submit button.
That is a button.
They are added into a label.
Then the button cancel setting bound and for example a background colour for it.
Adding action listener to both of the buttons, setting the visibility of the true size, location and
background color.
Then we have fetched all the records from the respective text field and combo box to the respective
strings.
Then if the source of the event is from B, then we have the connection created the query to insert
into the table values executed.
It showed the dialog box inside cache block.
We will handle the exception and if the one button event from the and then we set the visibility of
this current window as false, adding new teacher and setting the visibility as true.
So this is all about the three classes.
Let's have a look under running of it.
So if I run this log in class.
So this will look like this.
I'll be adding.
So admin and the password was admin.
If you remember from our previous video, let me log in it.
Here.
This is the this is our result of project class.
This.
And inside the master, we have new faculty.
If I click on your faculty, this will appear we have.
We can enter the details.
I will click on Cancel.
I will be entering details in our live video and in new external dimension.
This will be new stadium admission.
So let's cancel it.
Cancel it as well.